Hi guys, in this tutorial I want to
install the sysium plug in
and use it using area engine 5.6 six
without Google Maps API.
Okay, first thing first, open the go to
games. Select empty project. Rename the
project CM for Al. Hit create.
Okay. Now let's go to file. Create new
level.
Create empty level.
Now let's save this current level. New
mark for example.
Save all. And let's return here to the
Google and search for CM for Unreal
Engine. Go to the first link
download from the marketplace. Go to
this link.
Okay.
Add the to my library
and install it. Let's search it here.
This is a cu and set this one from the
marketplace fab when you add it into
your library. We can get it from here.
Go to add fab
library.
Install it here.
Okay. After installing this, we have to
go here, restart the engine and go here
to the window
tools
plug in. Search for CZU plugin.
Take this, restart the engine.
Okay. After restarting the engine, we
have this cium right here. Close this.
Connect to the cium.
Okay. Now
you have to sign in in the system mode.
Use your Epic Games
account to sign in.
Hello allow.
Successfully authorized. That's fine.
Now let's move to the next step. Next
step is to go here content drawer.
Select menu.
Add this one. This one. This one. This
one.
Okay, I think it's fine.
Now, you must have your Google Maps API.
In my case, I don't have uh this Google
Maps API. There is an alternative. The
alternative way is to search for a
place. For example, I want to search for
uh New York.
Uh, New York
is this one.
Search any place in New York.
Copy this location. For example,
go here. Google photoic 3D tiles. Enable
this.
Okay. Create new token. Choose default
token. Hit create.
After creating this
now we have to go here click this
reference
we add latitude and longitude
okay let's create here text file
map
X and Y. Okay, this is my X.
Copy.
Go right here.
Paste first one. Second one of you.
Let's go here.
You can choose any place and add it like
this.
Okay, I think it's fine. It's take some
times
to generate this city from the Google
Maps
API.
Change the speed of the camera.
32.
Okay, it works fine.
Look at this. It's take some time to
generate all these details.
We are here in New York. It looks very
nice. to talk sir.